## [QA-1] 

https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-12-escher/blob/main/src/minters/LPDA.sol#L92-L96

```
    /// @notice cancel a fixed price sale
    function cancel() external onlyOwner {
        require(block.timestamp < sale.startTime, "TOO LATE");
        sale.finalId = sale.currentId;
        _end();
    }
```

LPDA Owner cannot cancel auction even after `endTime` has passed resulting in auctions that are forever left open severely hampering the ability for individuals to run auctions due to the concern that individuals can just come mint something that may go up in the price in the future. Forces a less than ideal state on every user.

This appears to be an unexpected state of things as `OpenEdition.sol` does not allow continued interaction when the `End` event has already been emitted.

## [QA-2] 

https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-12-escher/blob/main/src/minters/LPDA.sol#L56-L89
https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-12-escher/blob/main/src/minters/LPDA.sol#L68

```
require(newId <= temp.finalId, "TOO MANY");
```

There are no checks in place preventing calls of `buy()` that have ETH value even if minting has been closed. This additionally means that individuals can call `sale.buy{value: 10 ether}(0)` and have money inside the contract without ever minting any tokens.

Additionally, this means that any indexer utilizing this for security will have erroneous `Buy` events emitted as there was nothing actually purchased.

This appears to be an unexpected state of things as `OpenEdition.sol` does not allow continued interaction when the `End` event has already been emitted as well as `OpenEdition.sol` includes `finalize()` which does terminate the processing unlike in `LPDA.sol`

## [QA-3] 

https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-12-escher/blob/main/src/minters/LPDA.sol#L91

```
    /// @notice cancel a fixed price sale
```

should read:

```
    /// @notice cancel a LPDA sale
```

## [QA-4]

https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-12-escher/blob/main/src/minters/OpenEdition.sol#L66

```
        for (uint24 x = temp.currentId + 1; x <= newId; x++) {
            nft.mint(msg.sender, x);
        }
```

Currently, implementation of `OpenEdition.sol` does not conform to ERC721 spec / is not really a complete open-edition as the maximum token id is bound to a `uint24` rather than `uint256` as specified in the ERC-721 standard. Granted, minting more than uint24 given a sequential for loop such as this model, would be extremely expensive on an L1 and only an action of an irrational actor or one the largest NFT mints to date.